Create a c++ file that structures the following
maringo sports club plans on developing talent among the youths within the county. The club enrols youth of ages 12 to 35 for activities offered. Games offered include swimming, hockey, lawn tennis, table tennis, darts, badminton, volleyball, basketball, netball, football, baseball, rugby, pool, chess and draft.  On registration, youths are to provide full_name, gender, next of kin, date of birth, contact details, sub-counties, school or college, various games of interest (in order of priority) and other details such as weight, height and special needs. They can be enrolled as a group through their school, colleges or religious org and may also enrol as individuals. The individual membership fee is Kshs. 1000 and groups are required to pay a membership of Kshs. 500 per person. Each has to purchase a sporting item as follows: bloomer at 250 kshs, games short 750kshs, hockey stick 2000, socks at 350, sports shoes ranging from 1000 to 4000, track suit at 1000, t-shirt at 800, wrapper at 450.  if member purchases more that 10,000 they are given a 5% discount. The store clerk is required to maintain records  and stock. If the stock level of any item drops 20% of its maximum stock level the clerk is expected to alert the club management to reorder. Each game has a patron who facilitates events within the club and other external teams. If a team is required to play against an external team, each member in the team is required to pay a facilitation fee of kshs. 500. the patron is paid 20% of the total facilitation fee as commission. The patron is responsible for selecting a game captain from the members. The captain is responsible for collecting and returning various sports equipment from the store to facilitate the game. In cases of loss or damage, the captain and the team members are surcharged at the market value of the equipment plus 10% fee of the value
develop the system in c++ being keen on a. Maintain details of the club members and their roles, b. Maintain details of the sports in the club, c. Maintain records of the items in the store, d. Maintain records of items purchased and their subsequent stock levels, e. Maintain records of all facilitation fees for all sports events, f. compute each of the following: - total membership fee, - discounted prices, - total amount of items bought, - sucharcged fee for lost or damaged equipment, - facilitation fee, - patron's commission, - total income for the club, g. Generate reports